Welcome to this tutorial on Python programming.
Today we're going to learn about Django web framework.
Django is a high-level Python web framework that encourages rapid development.
It was designed to help developers take applications from concept to completion quickly.
Django follows the model-view-template architectural pattern.
This pattern separates the data layer from the presentation layer.
One of Django's main goals is to ease the creation of complex database-driven websites.
The framework emphasizes reusability and pluggability of components.
Django includes an ORM that allows you to interact with databases using Python code.
You don't need to write SQL queries directly in most cases.
The admin interface is another powerful feature that comes built-in.
It allows you to manage your application's data without writing any additional code.
Django also includes form handling, authentication, and security features out of the box.
The framework has excellent documentation and a large community of developers.
This makes it easy to find help and resources when you need them.
In this series, we'll build a complete web application step by step.
We'll cover models, views, templates, forms, and much more.
By the end, you'll have a solid understanding of Django development.
Let's get started with our first Django project.